Where are we right now, precisely?
We're heading that way.
So this is really the gate to the Acropolis right here.
It's the formal gate.
The gate.
Oh, I see.
Okay.
Yes, this is a Yol.
This is a Yol.
Which is over here, but the houses over here, these would have been...
Famous library, rival to the Egyptian Iskander.
But where, right here?
Just left-hand side.
Where those columns are?
Yes.
Oh, can I go down there?
We'll have to go right now.
We will go, we will go.
He's briefing you.
Yes, I know.
Why was the library here, do you think?
This is a good place.
200,000 pieces, as you know.
As I know, yes.
Topographic location is suitable for the library.
I don't know why.
Which way are we facing now?
L-shaped.
Like this.
But I mean, that is what direction?
North?
To west.
That's to the west.
So the library faces to the west.
We're looking out to the west, off that ridge there.
And it was shaped like an L. Two-story building.
The entrance from second story, from upper level.
The directors of the library, states, and their houses over here.
Where were the volumes kept?
Books, here?
There are three readings.
How do we know all this, by the way?
I joined the Eastern of the North Star Library.
According to this trouble, the Peridomian Library was built during the time of Emenes II.
However, it must antedate the store, since the rooms of the library did not have doors open on the street or square.
Those who wishes to enter the library had to proceed from the upper story of the north star.
Which is there.
The south wall of the library has disappeared.
So the interior of the four rooms of structure is now visible from the south.
That's the south side over here.
Above the north star of the Athena Temenos.
That part is the attention.
That's part of the library too?
The upper part of the theater.
This is so exciting.
This is so exciting for me, it really is.
And this is all library here, right?
I want to see everything, but this is really most important to me.
I have to spend some time here.
When the stores are being erected,
The second story of the North Shore is constructed to give access to the library.
One of the first works of the 38-year reign of Eminence II.
So we're standing east to our back.
Actually, the sun is going that way, so that's west.
Exactly west.
North, south, east, west.
North.
And where was the palace?
For instance, what is that?
What is that?
What is this?
Some Helanistic periods from here?
Yeah, from here.
He just found here.
Does he want it back?
Yeah, you can keep.
I can keep?
He says, yeah.
I only have to ask once.
Oh, my goodness.
Does he think that was from the façade of the library?
That piece that he gave me?
But Sautrim Park has lost.
Now what is this?
Sister?
Sister, yeah.
There are 18 systems providing for water.
This is just the Kral Emenos and Atholos.
It's a specific system for King Emenos and Atholos.
It's okay.
There were some renovations during Roman and Byzantine times.
This is the biggest one, providing the palaces.
King Atholos and Omenes II.
How do we know that?
There are specific areas.
Because of the library, you know, there are a lot of documents left.
Wow.
So it wasn't built of marble, was it?
Yeah, mostly marble, but I think they are stolen.
So the L shape went like this.
The L shape went like that.
And the books were probably kept in there.
Lower part.
There are three whole books kept there.
That's wonderful.
This to me is worth the whole trip.
We will see later on just make a brief tour, okay?
Okay, and I'd like to walk around a little bit Oh
I just left the library, which faces the west.
Are you enjoying yourself?
Yes.
It's a chance, as I told you before, you know.
But tell me again while my machine is on about these.
You know, in the nomadic tribes, such as Turkmen, you know, my father is a nomadic.
Turk, they used to use this piece of cloth, such sort of things, especially in a sacred place, for the good wishes.
Good luck.
Good luck, yeah.
This is so great.
This is really spectacular, isn't it?
This is what we saw from the city.
This is Roman period.
Roman period.
20 yılda tamamlanmış 20 bin işçi ve mimarın çalıştığı bir tapınak.
Akropol'un en dik noktasına inşa edilmiş ve bu iki kişi kendilerini Tanrı ilan edip taptırmışlar.
Burası bir tapınma yeri değil.
Tapınma yeri değil, bir mimari.
Görkemin ortaya konduğu bir yer.
Sütun başlıklarıyla, saçaklıklarıyla
During the reign of two Roman emperors, Trianus and Hadrianus, they constructed that temple but not as for pilgrim or praying but for it's a way of showing their
And they declared themselves as a god.
And they forced the people to pray for themselves.
Where does he believe they quarried the marble for this temple?
Yes.
Where did they quarry the marble for this temple?
There is a river from 45 kilometers away.
There is a river here at the same time.
There is granite and marble.
They bring the marble and the granite
From that part of the mountain.
It's beautiful marble, it's striking.
The brown one and the zeich.
Mermer Roma Döneminin yapı malzemesi.
Marble is a Roman period mostly in Roman period used.
Granite are the helenistik döneminin yapı malzemesi.
Marble become very popular in Roman times and new technology used to carry it and process it in Roman times mostly.
In helenistik period granite
The director says that over 20,000 people worked here and completed the temple within 20 years.
Wow.
So this was okay.
Where was the palace?
Oh, we passed it.
I see.
He said the general's houses, those are on the palaces.
Right-hand side.
of the entrance.
Yes, they are.
Group one, group two, group three on the right hand side.
Those are residences and palaces.
This is really something.
Wow.
The system is closed.
And they check the level of the water.
There are some scales on the column.
This was only for the temples.
Water.
Water provided by this system to the temple.
And the ocean again is... This way, sir.
This way.
So on a clear day, can you see it from here?
Yeah, definitely.
That kind of chariot.
this area is covered by the sea it was covered by the sea during the second second oh yeah sorry okay interesting times the ocean has come now the altar that the germans have where was that on the other side okay
I don't want to get it to me.